Imran Khan is following events for us
from occupied East Jerusalem uh hi Imran
I mean lots of alerts and statements
from Israel about what it's doing in
terms of defense against any potential
external aggression but in reality I
mean what are they doing in terms of
preparedness well what they're doing is
they're getting the Americans involved
effectively the most senior commander of
American forces in the region uh the
head of sencom actually is in Israel
right now they're talking about a
coordinated response the prime minister
is talking tough saying that the IR the
Israelis will respond to any Iranian
attack and then you've also got as you
mentioned y Galant there talking as well
we are hearing uh that the Israelis are
preparing for a strike within the next
48 hours we don't know where that
timeline is coming from but there's also
a second thing going on here remember
this is a response to an Israeli attack
on The Sovereign territory of Iran in
Damascus they hit a consulate that's
Sovereign Iranian territory the Iranians
are being dragged into this uh and
they've said they will respond in kind
this actually plays very well for prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu as a
political move he's constantly been
talking about the threat of Iran for the
last 20 years indeed a lot of the time
he's been using that threat of Iran
striking Israel as a way of deflecting
criticism of his treatment of
Palestinians and the Palestinian sit
situation so this actually is something
that the prime minister is really
playing up he's saying that Israel has
to be prepared but this latest round of
threats and counter threats from the
Israelis and the Iranian is coming after
a very specific attack and a lot of
people are now wondering what the reason
for that attack was and what does it do
does it make Israel any more secure or
does it simply give prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu uh the opportunity to
act tough and appeal to his base
IM there forest and occupied East
Jerusalem thanks Imron